; vim: ft=colortemplate

; C++ syntax highlighting
PreProcGroup                color4     none
cConstant                   color4     none
cCppBracket                 color7     none
cCppInElse                  color7     none
cCppInElse2                 color7     none
cCppInIf                    color4     none
cCppInSkip                  color7     none
cCppInWapper                color5     none
cCppOutElse                 color7     none
cCppOutIf                   color8     none
cCppOutIf2                  color8     none
cCppOutInGroup              color8     none
cCppOutSkip                 color8     none
cCppOutWrapper              color5     none
cCppParen                   color7     none
cCppString                  color2     none
cCurlyError                 color7     color9
cErrInBracket               color7     color9
cErrInParen                 color7     color9
cFloat                      color8     none
cFormat                     color4     none
cMutli                      color3     none
cOperator                   color4     none
cParen                      color3     none
cParenError                 color7     color9
cSpaceError                 color1     none
cSpecial                    color4     none
cSpecialCharacter           color4     none
cStatement                  color5     none
cStorageClass               color3     none
cString                     color2     none
cType                       color3     none
cUserCont                   color7     none
